## Games and categories

SMB1 (Warpless)  
VsSMB (Warpless)  
SMB2J (All Stages FDS)  
SMB2 (All Levels)  
SMB3 (100%)  
SML1 (Normal + Hard)  
SML2 (All Levels)  
SMAS (All Four 100%)  
SMW (96 Exit)  
SMW2: Yoshi's Island (100%, No Reset)   

**Game order is free**

## Versions

NES repro cart and .nes files are not allowed for SMB2J.  
SGB1 is allowed for SML1 and SML2J.  
You can use the Japanese version for SMAS, SMW and SMW2.  
You must start from new files in SML2, SMAS, SMW, and SMW2  
The "alt fast" Vs. SMB1 timer speed is allowed.  

## Timing

*Game switch and load times are <ins>excluded</ins> from the final time in the **without loads** time.*  
Use the timing indication below to remove all load times and game switch. If you're unsure, put the total time in **with loads** and moderators will retime the run.

- **Super Mario Bros.**: Time begins on the frame "400" appears in the top right corner after selecting 1 player. Time ends on the frame all sprites are invisible after touching the axe in 8-4.

- **Vs. Super Mario Bros.**: Time begins on the frame "400" appears in the top right corner after selecting 1 player. Time ends on the frame all sprites are invisible after touching the axe in 8-4.
- **Super Mario Bros. 2J**: Time begins on the frame "400" appears in the top right corner after selecting 1 player. Beat 8-4 warpless, beat 9-4, game over in 9-1, let the game return to the titlescreen and then play worlds A to D warpless. Time ends when touching the axe after D-4. Remove all loads. Loads are all completely black frames
    - between 4-4 and 5-1
    - between the end of 8-4 and Peach appearing
    - between the end of Peach appearing and start of 9-1
    - between the ending and the titlescreen
    - between the titlescreen and A-1
- **Super Mario Bros. 2U**: Time begins on pressing Start at the beginning of the game (before character select). Time ends when you enter the door after defeating Wart.
- **Super Mario Bros. 3**: Time begins on pressing Start on the title screen. Time ends on entering the door after defeating Bowser.
- **Super Mario Land**: Time begins when you gain control of Mario. Time ends when Tatanga dies.
- **Super Mario Land 2**: Time begins when entering the start pipe. Time ends on the 3rd hit on Wario 3.
- **Super Mario All-Stars**: Time begins upon pressing start on the title screen (1p/2p) of the first game. You can reset and continue with the next game when the usual timing end point is reached: SMB1: touching the axe in the final stage. SMB2J: touching the axe in 8-4. SMB2: entering the door after defeating the final boss. SMB3: entering the door after defeating the final boss This is also the end of timing on the last game.
- **Super Mario World**: Time begins the frame Mario appears in the opening cutscene. Time ends on the frame that Peach appears outside of Bowser's Clown Car.
- **Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island**: Time begins on new file select. Time ends on the last input when the last text box is advanced after Bowser is defeated. (JRTA)