## Games and categories

SMB1 (Warpless)  
SMB2J (All Stages FDS)  
SMB3J (100%)  

**Game order is fixed: SMB1, SMB2J, SMB3J**

## Versions

Japanese version must be used for SMB2J and SMB3. You can use NA or JAP for SMB1 since there is no differences between versions  
NES repro cart and .nes files are not allowed for SMB2J  
All-Stars version (SNES) is not allowed  

## Timing

*Game switch and load times are <ins>excluded</ins> from the final time.
Use the timing indication below to remove all load times, game switch and to add all individual games to your final time. If you're unsure, put the total time in **with loads** and moderators will retime the run. You must submit both *without loads* and *with loads*.

We allow a maximum of 2 minutes between games. All exceeding time will be part of your final time.

- **Super Mario Bros.**: Time begins on the frame "400" appears in the top right corner after selecting 1 player. Time ends on the frame all sprites are invisible after touching the axe in 8-4. 

- **Super Mario Bros. 2J**: Time begins on the frame "400" appears in the top right corner after selecting 1 player. Beat 8-4 warpless, beat 9-4, game over in 9-1, let the game return to the titlescreen and then play worlds A to D warpless. Time ends when touching the axe after D-4. Remove all loads. Loads are all completely black frames
    - between 4-4 and 5-1
    - between the end of 8-4 and Peach appearing
    - between the end of Peach appearing and start of 9-1
    - between the ending and the titlescreen
    - between the titlescreen and A-1
- **Super Mario Bros. 3J**: Time begins on pressing Start on the title screen. Time ends on entering the door after defeating Bowser.	