## Games and categories

SMB1 (Warpless)
SMB2J (All Stages FDS)
SMB2U (All Levels)
SMB3 (100%)
SMW (96 Exit)   

**Game order is fixed: SMB1, SMB2J, SMB2U, SMB3J and SMW**

## Versions

All-Stars version (SNES) is not allowed for SMB1, SMB2J, SMB2U and SMB3.
NES repro cart and .nes files are not allowed for SMB2J.
 
## Timing

*Game switch and load times are excluded from the final time.*  
Use the timing indication below to remove all load times and game switch and submit it in the **without loads**. If you're unsure, put the total time in **with loads** and moderators will retime the run.

We allow a maximum of 1 minute between games. All exceeding time will be part of your final time.

- **Super Mario Bros.**: Time begins on the frame "400" appears in the top right corner after selecting 1 player. Time ends on the frame all sprites are invisible after touching the axe in 8-4.

- **Super Mario Bros. 2J**: Time begins on the frame "400" appears in the top right corner after selecting 1 player. Beat 8-4 warpless, beat 9-4, game over in 9-1, let the game return to the titlescreen and then play worlds A to D warpless. Time ends when touching the axe after D-4. Remove all loads. Loads are all completely black frames
    - between 4-4 and 5-1
    - between the end of 8-4 and Peach appearing
    - between the end of Peach appearing and start of 9-1
    - between the ending and the titlescreen
    - between the titlescreen and A-1
- **Super Mario Bros. 2U**: Time begins on pressing Start at the beginning of the game (before character select). Time ends when you enter the door after defeating Wart.
- **Super Mario Bros. 3**: Time begins on pressing Start on the title screen. Time ends on entering the door after defeating Bowser.
- **Super Mario World**: Time begins the frame Mario appears in the opening cutscene. Time ends on the frame that Peach appears outside of Bowser's Clown Car.